Feat: Schemas for input validation and documentation (#1888)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/docs/release-notes/3.x.x.md

* Documentation for AVD version `3.4.0` [available here](https://www.avd.sh/en/v3.4.0/)
* Documentation for AVD version <= `3.3.3` [available here](https://www.avd.sh/en/releases-v3.x.x/)

## Release 3.8.0

### Changes to requirements

- AVD now requires ansible-core from __2.11.3__ to __2.12.x__ excluding __2.12.0__ to __2.12.5__<br>

>   Excluded versions have an [issue](## "plugin loader will now load config data for plugin by name instead of by file to avoid issues with the same file being loaded under different names (fqcn + short name).")

Author: ```suggestion
  Excluded versions have an [issue](## "plugin loader will now load config data for plugin by name instead of by file to avoid issues with the same file being loaded under different names (Fully-Qualified-Collection-Name + short-name).")
```
